# Magento 2 Module Creator by Mageplaza
The **Magento 2 Module Creator** by Mageplaza is an online tool that help developers creating a module easily with few click. Try Mageplaza [Magento](https://magento.com/)  Module Creator. This Module creator allows you create separate element in Magento backend and database table. You also can add a new entity for your module.


The similar parts will continue being updated by Mageplaza team in the future.  

Magento 2 Module Builder comes with the extensive interface and supports unlimited modules which are generated by the user. You can sign up an individual account and save all of the created modules on this account. This means whenever you want to seek a module, it is possible to go back to a right module and for example, generate its elements that you might forget.

When the new module is ready to use with full of necessary information, you can download it as a zip file ann even install it right away with the given wget shell command.

Mageplaza Magento 2 Module Creator is one of the ideal options to build Magento 2 Module and code snippets. Aside from Magento 2 Module Creator, you can also follow the [command line tool](https://www.mageplaza.com/magento-2-command-line-interface-cli.html) to complete the formation of new Magento 2 Module.


## How it works

Magento 2 Module Creator is an online module tool that provides the functionality for generating a new module for Magento 2 easily. Here are the instructions teaching you how to build the new Magento 2 module with Magento 2 Module Creator Online Service via a few clicks.

- Start creating a new Magento 2 Module with `Create Magento Module` button.
- Fill out the module, company name both of which are required fields.
- Add extra information of the module if you need.
- Click on`Generate` to complete the creation.
- You can `Save and Download` to use the module then install it on your site.



**Magento 2 Module Creator** also allows store admin to generate extra information for a new Magento 2 module including: 

- Controllers
- Models
- Blocks
- Template files
- Plug in
- Observer
- Console scripts
- Product attribute. 


### Module components explanation 

- **Items Model** allows creating, editing or deleting module items.
- **Cron Model** allows implementing multiple cron options.
- **Block and Controller Adminhtml/Items** allows showing the parts of the Item collection in Admin Panel.
 
### Functional module 

Enable create more functional module depending on different options. The functions involve as the following:

- Update Version
- Create a Frontend Page
- Create a Backend Page
- Create a data module, Create a 'Backend Model Manager' for add delete change search this data module.
- Add new category attribute
- Add new customer attribute
- Add new customer address attribute
- Add new sales attribute
- Run sql in the magento database
- Run installing php code in the magento system
- Add Sales Order Status
- Add Magento Event
- Collocate Magento System Configuration
- Add New Shipping Method
- Add Magento Widget
- Add Magento Cron Job
- Add New Order Total (fee or discount)
- Add Magento Api Configuration
- Rewrite Magento Class (Helper , Block , Model and Controller)




## Help

- https://github.com/mageplaza/magento-2-module-creator/issues


## Keywords for Module Generator

- Magento 2 module creator
- Magento 2 module generator
- Magento 2 create module
- Module generator for Magento 2
- Module creator for Magento 2
- How to create Magento 2 module


## Credits

- Magento.com
- [Magento 2 samples](https://github.com/magento/magento2-samples)